Update the generator docs (#4808)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/policy_generator.adoc

| Optional
| Key-value pairs of annotations to set on generated configuration policies. For example, you can disable policy templates by defining the following parameter: `{"policy.open-cluster-management.io/disable-templates": "true"}`. The default value is empty (`{}`).

| `policyDefaults.copyPolicyMetadata`
| Optional

> | Copies the labels and annotations for all policies and add to a replica policy. Set to `true` by default. If set to `false`, only the policy framework specific policy labels and annotations are copied to the replicated policy.

Reviewer: This one is confusing me a bit:
Copies the labels and annotations for all policies and add them to a replica policy. (?)
Copies the labels and annotations for all policies and adds them to a replica policy.(?)

Reviewer 2: @cadawson thanks for your review, feedback, and suggestions!

| `policyDefaults.placement.placementPath`
| Optional

> | To reuse an existing placement, specify the path here relative to the `kustomization.yaml` file. If provided, this placement rule is used by all policies by default. See `_clusterSelectors_` to generate a new `Placement`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| To reuse an existing placement, specify the path relative to the location of the `kustomization.yaml` file. If provided, this placement rule is used by all policies by default. See `_clusterSelectors_` to generate a new `Placement`.
```

> | To reuse an existing placement, specify the path relative to the location of the `kustomization.yaml` file. If provided, this placement rule is used by all policies by default. See `_clusterSelectors_` to generate a new `Placement`.

Author: ```suggestion
| To reuse an existing placement, specify the path relative to the location of the `kustomization.yaml` file. If provided, this placement rule is used by all policies by default. See `_labelSelector_` to generate a new `Placement`.
```

| `policyDefaults.placement.clusterSelector`
| Optional

> | Specify a placement by defining a cluster selector using either `key:value`, or providing `matchExpressions` and or `matchLabels` keys with appropriate values. See `_placementPath_` to specify an existing file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specify a placement by defining a cluster selector using either `key:value`, or by providing `matchExpressions`, `matchLabels` keys, or both, with appropriate values. See `_placementPath_` to specify an existing file.
```

> | Specify a placement by defining a cluster selector using either `key:value`, or by providing `matchExpressions`, `matchLabels` keys, or both, with appropriate values. See `_placementPath_` to specify an existing file.

Author: ```suggestion
| Specify a placement by defining a cluster selector using either `key:value`, or by providing `matchExpressions`, `matchLabels`, or both, with appropriate values. See `_placementRulePath_` to specify an existing file.
```

| `policyDefaults.placement.placementRuleName`
| Optional
| To use a placement rule that already exists on the cluster, specify its name here. A `PlacementRule` is not created, but a `PlacementBinding` binds the policy to this `PlacementRule`.

| `policyDefaults.placement.placementRulePath`
| Optional

> | To reuse an existing placement rule, specify the path here relative to the `kustomization.yaml` file. If provided, this placement rule is used by all policies by default. See `_labelSelector_` to generate a new `PlacementRule`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| To reuse an existing placement rule, specify the path relative to the location of the `kustomization.yaml` file. If provided, this placement rule is used by all policies by default. See `_labelSelector_` to generate a new `PlacementRule`.
```

> | To reuse an existing placement rule, specify the path relative to the location of the `kustomization.yaml` file. If provided, this placement rule is used by all policies by default. See `_labelSelector_` to generate a new `PlacementRule`.

Author: ```suggestion
| To reuse an existing placement rule, specify the path relative to the location of the `kustomization.yaml` file. If provided, this placement rule is used by all policies by default. See `_clusterSelector_` to generate a new `PlacementRule`.
```

| `policyDefaults.placement.labelSelector`
| Optional

> | Specify a placement rule by defining a cluster selector using either `key:value`, or providing a `matchExpressions` and or `matchLabels` keys with appropriate values. See `_placementRulePath_` to specify an existing file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Specify a placement rule by defining a cluster selector using either `key:value`, or providing a `matchExpressions`, `matchLabels` keys, or both, with appropriate values. See `_placementRulePath_` to specify an existing file.
```

> | Specify a placement rule by defining a cluster selector using either `key:value`, or providing a `matchExpressions`, `matchLabels` keys, or both, with appropriate values. See `_placementRulePath_` to specify an existing file.

Author: ```suggestion
| Specify a placement rule by defining a cluster selector using either `key:value`, or providing a `matchExpressions`, `matchLabels`, or both, with appropriate values. See `_placementPath_` to specify an existing file.
```

| *`policySetDefaults`*
| Optional

> | Any default value for a policy set. Any default value listed for this parameter is overridden by an entry in the `policySets` array.

Author: ```suggestion
| Default values for policy sets. Any default value listed for this parameter is overridden by an entry in the `policySets` array.
```

| Optional
| A list of Kustomize patches to apply to the manifest at the path. If there are multiple manifests, the patch requires the `apiVersion`, `kind`, `metadata.name`, and `metadata.namespace` (if applicable) fields to be set so Kustomize can identify the manifest that the patch applies to. If there is a single manifest, the `metadata.name` and `metadata.namespace` fields can be patched.

| *`policySets`*
| Optional

> | The list of policy sets to create that overrides to either the default values, or the values that are set in `policySetDefaults`. To include a policy in a policy set, use `policyDefaults.policySets`, `policies[].policySets`,  or `policySets.policies`. See `_policySetDefaults_` for additional fields and descriptions.

Author: ```suggestion
| The list of policy sets to create along with overrides to either the default values, or the values that are set in `policySetDefaults`. To include a policy in a policy set, use `policyDefaults.policySets`, `policies[].policySets`,  or `policySets.policies`. See `_policySetDefaults_` for additional fields and descriptions.
```

Reviewer 2: made an update related to this suggestion.
